I am a software developer from Charlotte N.C. and I have a pet pig. Some of the technologies I have learned are Golang, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Linux, git and a bit of many other things. I got interested in software development when I was in fourth grade where the I.T person had an afterschool camp for reimaging some old DELL computers with ubuntu(I did not know any of this at the time). I thought it was kind of interesting, but I didn't build on that knowledge until a long time later. Around the same year, I only had a chromebook, and I wanted to play MineCraft(mind you this was in fourth grade). So the I.T. teacher at our school sent around a document of how you could install a thing called chroot on a chromebook in order to access a cool hacker thing, and eventually install Minecraft. This would be my first, and not last encounter with Gentoo Linux. What I didn't know at the time was that I was accessing the Linux console inside a chromebook, and the `chroot` package that I installed also came with XFCE, which I could get to by typing `startx`. This would not be my last encounter with either of these either. 

In sixth grade I started in a tech school that introduced me to Golang, NodeJs, JavaScript, and a bit of HTML. During the time I learned a significant amount about Linux, and propelled myself to the next level in the afformentioned technologies. I quickly rose to the top of the school, and as of writing, I was the only person to aquire a Linux Essentials Certification. Before I got my LPIC, I went to a local hackerspace meetup where some guy rudely told me about a linux distro called Gentoo linux. I looked it up, installed it, and it was soon my favourite distribution. I used Gentoo to install Linux From Scratch, which was the hardest linux related thing I have ever done. Using the knowledge I had gained from these experiences, I got my LPIC a few months later.  In ninth grade I left the school as I felt I had maxed out of the program. At this tech school, I was told best technologies to invest my time into, so I only learned those. Now in the post-tech-school era, I now feel like without that I have to find my own technologies, and own cool new things to learn. 

So far in this era I have tried to learn rust, haskell, c, xen, kubernetes, less, sass  and docker. I still have a lot to learn, and a long time ahead of me to learn it.
